Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Jill Stien and Gary Johnson follow numerous accounts(Jill Stien- 4159, 
Gary Johnson - 3123). Out of that, they overlap only in 344 accounts.
Gary follows 2779 accounts different than Jill and Jill follows 3811 accounts
differnet than Gary. 

The friend overlap doesnt necessarily mean that they are similar, the users can have different interests and different opinions
So, this cannot be taken as a parameter for similarity. And, moreover the difference between them is huge and common accounts is meagre.

If we could find the common accounts followed on various categories like sports teams, celebrities followed , tweets and retweets on certain issues and polls.
Also, if they have lesser different accounts and more common accounts between them on different categories. Based on this we could tell thier similarity but not just with common accounts. 
  









2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Magic Johnson is an american retired professional basketball player.
The possible reason for both to follow could be:

He is NBA legend, entreprenuer and Philanthropist.
He endorses Hillary for her 2016 Presidential Campaign.
He was long rumored to replace Trump as new face in Celebrity Apprentice 
television franchise. 
He is a businessman who has also expressed interest in doing business with Trump and likes Trump Hotels
These are the possible reasons for the rivals to follow Magic Johnson 






3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

It depends on the candidate to follow  or not. It could be personal choice to avoid or it could be because of not showing interest towards people.
As this assignment is about political social network, when a candidate follows very less accounts.
It is difficult to know who the candidate likes to follow and what is his/her interests is in. And,How many friends are common between the candidates and thier social connection is difficult to know.
This makes it difficult to know about the commonality and difference between candidates in every domain.  
 







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

A max of 15 request per Rate limit 15 min window is allowed for GET friends/ids and max of 1 user id can be processed in a single request.
Having a total of 8073 friends + 4 candidates  - 8077 friend list has to be retrieved, it should takes us 8077 requests to get/friends/ids
of each friends. It will take us 539 15-Min Window. 

Approximately, it should take us 8085 mins for us to collect the data.



